**43. Multiply Strings**

Given two non-negative integers num1 and num2 represented as strings, return the product of num1 and num2, also represented as a string.

Note: You must not use any built-in BigInteger library or convert the inputs to integer directly.

**Example 1**

> Input: num1 = "2", num2 = "3"  
> Output: "6"  

**Example 2**

> Input: num1 = "123", num2 = "456"  
> Output: "56088"  

**Constraints**

- 1 <= num1.length, num2.length <= 200
- num1 and num2 consist of digits only.
- Both num1 and num2 do not contain any leading zero, except the number 0 itself.

**Solutions**

```python
class Solution:
    def multiply(self, num1: str, num2: str) -> str:    
        product = [0] * (len(num1) + len(num2))
        pos = len(product)-1

        for n1 in reversed(num1):
            tempPos = pos
            for n2 in reversed(num2):
                product[tempPos] += int(n1) * int(n2)
                product[tempPos-1] += product[tempPos]//10
                product[tempPos] %= 10
                tempPos -= 1
            pos -= 1

        pt = 0
        while pt < len(product)-1 and product[pt] == 0:
            pt += 1

        return ''.join(map(str, product[pt:]))
```

```python
class Solution:
    def multiply(self, num1: str, num2: str) -> str:    
       res = [0]*(len(num1)+len(num2)) 
        for i in range(len(num1)-1, -1, -1): # for loop from 1 to 
            carry = 0
            for j in range(len(num2)-1, -1, -1):
                tmp = (ord(num1[i])-ord('0')) * (ord(num2[j])-ord('0')) + carry
                carry = (res[i+j+1]+tmp) // 10
                res[i+j+1] = (res[i+j+1]+tmp) % 10
            res[i] += carry
        # confused about the line above! 
        res = ''.join(map(str, res))
        return '0' if not res.lstrip('0') else res.lstrip('0')
```
**Notes**

- To avoid using `int()`, one feasible way is to use the unicode function, check [`ord()`](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/methods/built-in/ord). 
- Unicode is an abstract encoding standard, not an encoding. That’s where UTF-8 and other encoding schemes come into play. The Unicode standard (a map of characters to code points) defines several different encodings from its single character set.
- UTF-8 as well as its lesser-used cousins, UTF-16 and UTF-32, are encoding formats for representing Unicode characters as binary data of one or more bytes per character.
- `5/2=2.5` `5//2=2`
- `strip()`, `lstrip()` and `rstrip()` remove all/leading/rear blanks(or other specific string such as `-`, `/`, `0` etc.)
- The `map()` function executes a specified function for each item in an iterable. The item is sent to the function as a parameter,  
> map(function, iterables)
- Although the first method used `int()` but it's more understandable for me. The core idea under the second method is as same as the first one without using `int()`, it's also correct but may need to spend more time.


